# CAPSTONE-PROJECT-Investment-Sectors-in-Ireland-Carlow
Introduction Ireland may have 40 shades of green, but Carlow can cater for 40 shades of green fingers. The Carlow Garden Trail is one of the island’s best, while the wild, natural-style gardens at Altamont House are home to an explosion of snowdrops every February. Dive into the heart of Ireland’s Ancient East and wander the ancient yew tree walk at Huntington Castle, where the ghosts of monks have been known to mosey. Then there are the Delta Sensory Gardens on the outskirts of Carlow town, a therapeutic and multi-sensory oasis for visitors of all abilities. The county, over the years, has been a huge attraction to tourists. The influx of people into the county also brings in money into local businesses like restaurants, cinemas, pubs, fast foods etc. You can make outings to noble estates on the outskirts of Carlow, like Duckett’s Grove, which has the dreamlike ruins of a Gothic Revival house that burnt down in 1933. Although not geared for tourism, Carlow has real charm, especially on the banks of the River Barrow and the old center at Montgomery and Burin Streets, which have rows of Georgian houses. However, these varying businesses are found in different neighborhoods. Some neighborhoods have more of a business than others. The distribution of different businesses in the respective neighborhoods could be of great interest to investors who are new to the city. The problem that this project aims to solve is to facilitate the investors’ choice of neighborhood to invest in and the type of business that could do well in that neighborhood.  Data Description To solve the mentioned problem, geolocation data on all the businesses was obtained. Foursquare was the location data provider of choice from which the data for this analysis was retrieved. The data used was obtained from Irish townlands data with 326 baronies, 2,507 civil parishes, 3,474 electoral divisions, 61,108 townlands currently mapped on OpenStreetMap. The various columns in the data set are defined below OSM_ID: Integer. The id of the object in the OSM database. If it's positive, it's a way; if it's negative, it's a relation. (Consult the OSM data model for more information). IDs are not shared across objects (e.g. there will never be an ED and a townland with the same OSM_ID). NAME: String. The name of the object. Should be the "common name". Almost certainly in English, but may be in Irish. (NB: In the KML/KMZ file, this is NAME2 due to how ogr2ogr converts things. Suggestions welcome for how to fix this.) NAME_GA: String. The name of the object in Irish. NAME_EN: String. The name of the object in English. Many objects don't have this, in which case presume that NAME is the English name ALT_NAME: String. Alternative name. ALT_NAME_G: String. Alternative Irish name. (it's short for "alt_name:ga") AREA: Float. Area in square metres LATITUDE: Float. Latitude of the centre of this area LONGITUDE: Float. Longitude of the centre of this area. OSM_USER: String. Username of the OSM user who mapped this OSM_TIMEST: String. ISO formatted datetime of when the object was added to OSM epoch_tstmp: Integer. Unix 'epoch' time of when the object was added to OSM. t_ie_url: String. URL of this object on Townlands.ie (this site) LOGAINM_RE: String. Value of logainm:ref tag. Logainm ID of this object. co_name: String. Name of the county this object is in, if known. Not in 'county' or 'civ-il_parish' files. co_osm_id: Integer. OSM_ID of the county this object is in, if known. Not in 'county' or 'civ-il_parish' files. co_names: String. Comma separated list of names of the counties this object is in, if known. Orderd by the county's osm_id. Only in the 'civil_parish' files. co_osm_ids: String. Comma separated list of osm_ids of the counties this object is in, if known. Orderd by the county's osm_id. Only in the 'civil_parish' files. co_logainm: String. Logainm ref of the county. ed_name: String. Name of the ED this object is in, if known. Only in 'townland' files. ed_osm_id: Integer. OSM_ID of the ED this object is in, if known. Only in 'townland' files. ed_logainm: String. Logainm ref of the ED. cp_name: String. Name of the civil parish this object is in, if known. Only in 'townland' files. cp_osm_id: Integer. OSM_ID of the civil parish this object is in, if known. Only in 'townland' files. cp_logainm: String. Logainm ref of the civil parish. bar_name: String. Name of the barony this object is in, if known. Only in 'townland' files. bar_osm_id: Integer. OSM_ID of the barony this object is in, if known. Only in 'townland' files. bar_logain: String. Logainm ref of the barony this object is in. attributio: String. Value of the 'attribution' tag (if any)  Out of all these columns, just 4 of them were needed – That is CO_NAME which is the County, ED_NAME which are the neighborhoods in that county and the latitude and longitudes. Using Foursquare a total of 20 neighborhoods were randomly retrieved from the database such as Rathrush, Templepeter, Old Leighlin, Clogrenan etc. within a 1000m radius. Out of the 20 neighborhoods, there was a total of 130 business categories currently active in Carlow as. The most occurring business categories are Italian restaurant, Coffee shop, Burger joint, flower shop etc.
